# Description
This model is based on the interview to patient E1 and his caregiver.

The patient is an 92 year old male who has serious movement problems since about 4 years ago. He is reported as having had a great memory that is now almost completely lost. He was an electronics teacher and his wife was a cook. They report being of middle-higher class.

He lives with his wife which is the main caregiver and has at leats three daughters and two grandchildren. The wife has to be with the patient almost all the time. Almost everyday they get called and visited by the daughters. Twice in the week they get visited by a housecleaner that gets sent by the town council.

He takes 3 or 4 medications a day, including Adiro for his blood circulation. The others may be for high cholesterol and blood pressure although the interviewee is not sure about that.

He had a thrombus in one leg so now has to wear tight compression socks.


### Specific problems reported.
* The act of walking is a great effort for him. He walks a little and then has to sit down for a while. He walks very very slowly.
* Because of this he doesn't fancy a walk most of the times.
* Has trouble remaining in stand up position.
* He has a twisted spine that causes him back pain.
* He has memory issues. He is able to recognize all members of the family but has trouble remembering recent tasks he has done or information that is given to him.
* He sometimes forgets words.
* Has trouble with timekeeping. He can wake up at 5am and act as if it was time to get prepared for the day.
* Gets disoriented in the street and even in the house. He has trouble remembering which door is the bathroom in his own house, for example.
* Has trouble with decision-making.

### Technological solutions that were discusses and their impressions about them.

He uses an old mobile phone and is able to use the constact list and call with it. He is able to use the remote control for the TV although he has trouble remembering the order of the channels and has to find the one he likes to watch every time. He uses no computer. Thay have telecare system in the house although the device is worn by the main caregiver instead of the patient.

The daughter is in favour of getting some kind of system that would remind him 
of where he was or that his wife is out shopping so he wouldn't get stressed.
She'd also like some kind of cameras in the house so she could see in real time what is happening. A two way communication system would be great so they could talk as he has no problem in recognizind his daughter's voice. A gps tracking system is another idea.

