# Description
This interview is about a 88 year old female with very basic education. She is currently a widow. The first symptoms were that she started to forget things. As the family had previous experience with dementia she was promptly sent to the doctor to have a diagnostic.

The main caregiver used to be her 56 year old son which breeds birds.

She had an ictus following her dementia diagnosis which greatly contributed to her posterior fall as her left side became pretty unresponsive.

She lived in her own house with a payed caregiver for 3 years, until she fell and had to go to hospital. Once discharged from the hospital she asked to go to a nursing home as she wasn't in the best of terms with her caregiver and she saw such a place like a payed hotel, where she was completely taken care of.

### Specific problems reported.
* Forgot to add random ingredients when cooking.
* Disorients a lot with routine changes.
* Echoes herself. At first she repeated conversations twice a day or so, nowadays she can do it 7 times in the same hour.
* Lost interest in things. She used to watch TV and movies whereas now she makes no intention of watching as she has difficulties following the plot.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The patient uses her mobile phone regularly to receive calls and although she used to be able to call herself and look at the archived pictures she doesn't do those things anymore.

Her son talks about the use of technological tools and how these should focus more on helping the caregiver than the patient. The patient themselves can grow tired of such systems as they can see it as a know-all and just ignore them. This caregiver wouldn't feel comfortable leaving her mother alone and taken care of by these type of systems. He states *it's like leaving my 5 year old alone with a machine*

He sees the human intervention as critical in the care of the patients and because of this he says that such device (something similar to the telecare system) should be connected to a person that can orient and help her, not a machine.

Something useful could be a tracking of some sorts for her medicine intake.

