# Description
The interviewee is a 60 year old female that used to work on weekends with an 85 year old Alzheimer patient. The caregiver has high-level studies in Arquitecture and is specialized in work accidents. 
The patient had been a nurse in the war of Nicaragua, was at the time a widow and had four sons. She used to be very active socialy and physicaly as she used to go to practice Yoga and Tai-Chi and to eat out with her friends regularly.

Deriving from the Alzheimer, it is reported that the patient also had to take medicines for anxiety, epilepsia and depression. She had times when she was aware of her ilness and was usually very sad because of it. Was anemic too.

In any case, the patient is described by the caregiver as a very kind and loving person. She loved music and hearing it had the effect of her remembering some things and trying to talk about her past life.

She lives in her own house, which was full of photos of her family.

## Specific problems reported.
* Had periods of extreme anxiety
* She moves very slowly and sometimes you had to help her walk
* Has to wear diapers at night
* Needs help showering
* Refuses to go out to have a walk
* There were times when she had high anxiety
* Couldn't remember the name of the caregiver
* Had a serious problem of constipation derived from low physical activity
* Did not want to perform her cognitive excercises. She just wanted to be left seated while nothing.
* Had difficulties while talking and while trying to express herself
* Always had cold no matter it was 40C in Madrid's July
* Became very disoriented when moved from her house. Because of this the doctor had to go to her house to perform checks and analytics.
* Had constant pain in the lumbar area.
* Legs and feet swollen because of lack of movement.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The caregiver has mobile phone, computer and internet connection. As an architect she is very used to working with technology.

The patient used to use a wireless phone but nowadays was unable to use it. Could not use the TV or bed's remote control.

In the house they had a telecare system from the Red Cross. They also had a list with big letters which contained the numbers of emergency services and of the sons. They also used a plastic pillbox with boxes for every day and every meal. One of the sons organized the medication once a week. Had an articulating bed which moves by itself although the patient was unable to use its' remote control.

When talking about possible technological solutions she focuses on the fact that a lot of sensors are needed all around the house.
Some system that helps them orient themselves would be needed, as, for example, the patient wants to go to the bathroom but ends in a random dormitory.
A wristband for the caregiver so they can be notified when something happens with their patient.
Some kind of lights that dim slowly while the patient is trying to fall asleep and that turns off once he is fully asleep.
As music seems to calm them down, it would be advisable that such systems knows the patient's favourite music and plays it for them.
A normal camera is seen as intrusive but the option of using thermal or infrared ones could be better both for families and patients. Another option is analyzing just the silhouette, not filming faces and such.
It is recommended that any use of technological solutions is accompanied with some training for both caregiver and patient.