# Description
The interviewee is the patient's daughter. She is 60 years old and is reported of being medium-high class. She is currently retired and used to work as a teacher. She has university-level studies.

She is in charge of taking care of her mother, which is 85 years old and her mother in law which is 92. They are all female. The interview focuses in his mother's problems.

The patient used to work as a teacher too and has also university-level studies. She is in the early stages of Alzheimer's and was diagnosed the same year as the interview took place when the family took notice of her disorientation problems. She also has high tension and osteoarthritis that greatly limits her physically and gives her pain. Because of this she has episodes of depression. It is also reported she is quite deaf and this makes her isolate from the outside world.

The patient lives in her own house and has a couple of persons helping her in the house appart from her daughter. One of them goes four hours a day (two in the morning, another two in the afternoon) to help her with house chores and cooking and another one of them takes her for a walk every day. In the summer season she travels to Coruña where she lives alone too.

### Specific problems reported.
* Problems with immediate memory.
* Trouble orientating herself and knowing where she is. She is reported as *not knowing where she had gone on vacation, nor with whom she had gone. The thing is if she thinks hard about it she finally remembers*
* Her disorientation is reported as being *more temporal than spatial*
* Has trouble admitting her current dependency on others. Because of this she still wants to take her own decisions and doesn't let anybody help her even though he really needs it.
* Is always angry at her daughter because she's the one that imposes restrictions to her like *you have to take your medication*
* Because of her ostheoarthritis she is reported as being rigid physically. They has her tested for Parkinson's but the results came as negative.
* Has became very lazy. Prefers to walk with someone grabbing her by the arm that using a cane.
* Has fallen several times, although the daughter thinks it is more related to her ostheoarthritis than to Alzheimer's.
* Can not raise her arms nor flex to lace her shoes.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The caregiver has phone and computer as is fluent in using them. The patient is able to use remote controls with no big problems. She was also fluent using smartphones and computers but has lost interest in them. 

They currently have telecare system. The *medal* as the interviewer calls it.
S
he says a technological solution for her medicine intake is needed. Something that remembers her she hasn't taken her meds. It would also be great if it had an auto-refill feature.

A service which could tell you how to act in certains situations like when the blood pressure of a patient rises to alarming levels. You could tell them the patient's symptoms and they would tell the caregiver what to do.

Something that could help patients with mobility problems move around. She talks about her mother in law which has to sit in a chair that is later introduced into the shower and the difficulty of this task. It is critical that both the house and portal.

Something that would help them eat.

A database of exercises depending on the patient's condition. A list of memory excersises for her mother, for example. But some dynamic ones as it is reported that *the memory workshop she used to go was very boring*. It could be sort like the videogame "Brain Training" but adapted to these specific problems.

She reports that she will have great difficulties convincing her mother of the need for her to wear some kind of wristband that could help her as she in not really aware of her limitations.