# Description
The patient is 94 years of age. Widow, medium class, elemental studies and has worked always as a housewife. Lives in her own house with a 24-hour payed caregiver that is there even on weekends. She has a lot of memory problems and the family is waiting for the medical results to see which degree of dementia she has. 
She has had problems the last six months but more serious the last two months. These problems arouse when she had a fall that provoked a stroke. Fortunately the blood was reabsorbed but since then the memory problems increased. Other conditions she has are high blood sugar and high tension.

The interview has been done to the woman's son and her daughter in law. The son is 58, has basic studies and works in graphic arts. She is 60, has primary studies and works at home.

### Specific problems reported.
* Short-term memory loss. Before she had sporadic losses but nowadays is very repetitive. She is reported as asking the same question over and over with a time difference of five minutes.
* Is able to stand for less time than before. Imbalance problems. Because of this she uses a wheelchair and cane.
* While before she could go out alone for a walk it is no longer the case.
* Has problems when trying to remember the date and time that is now.
* Has developed a fixation with money. She is always counting money and with the stress of not having enough.
* She has stopped doing house chores or trying to cook. The son says it's because she now has help in the house but she doubts she will be able even though she wanted to because of her memory problems.
* Some days she is more sad than normal.
* Is reported as having stopped keeping appearances, of *having lost the filter* or being disinhibited.
* She invents symptoms when she doesn't want to do something. *If she's not in the mood of going out walking she says that her belly hurts*
* Walks much worse
* Has trouble getting in & out of bed. She loses her equilibrium when she gets up. Has an articulated bed because of this.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The son has mobile phone which he mainly uses for communication and some gps navigating while in the car. He has a personal computer at home which uses to navigate the internat mainly. 

The patient has a smartphone but only uses it to send and receive calls. She is also able to use remote the remote control. Until 3 months ago she was also able to use appliances such as the microwave althought the son doen't really know if she would be able to make use of it today. She has never used a computer.

The house in which the patient lives is more or less adapted to her condition. It has an articulated bed and the bath was changed to a shower. In any case, he talks about architechtonic barriers like the doors being too narrow for a wheelchair or four stairs she would have to travel before reaching the street from the elevator.

The son prepares the medication she has to take weekly and organises it into her pillbox.

He comments they have the Red Cross's telecare system installed. He says that it has been really helpful. On one occasion the patient fell and they were able to reach the house before her son. This kind of system gives the family peace of mind.

He suggests to add a new button to the remote control which would make the TV open a videoconference to him directly. That would make her feel more accompanied and could help in cases of need.

As the patient's wake up at night to go to the bathroom and often lose themselves in their own house, he suggests to automatically switch on the lights of that predefined path. This way they don't have to think spatially, just follow the lit path.

If any system that talks to the patient is implemented, the voice should be of one of the patient's relatives.

Teleportation would be really helpful for him. He could be at work, go see her mother and return in an instant.

In any case, he notes the difficulty of planning for each and every eventuality that may arise so he sees human help as irreplaceable at our level of technological progress.

