# Description
The patient is 83 years old, has very basic education and when active used to work as a portress. She is not yet diagnosed as having dementia but the daughter says it is very probable because of her symptoms. 
Other condition she has are two herniated discs in her lower back that make her walk slowly and give her pain in the legs. Because of this she walks with a cane when outside. She also has high cholesterol and blood pressure.

It is reported that she is still very active: she is still able to do cleaning tasks around the house, goes out to buy groceries and such. She also likes to do crossword puzzles and read.

The daughter, which is her main caregiver is 47 and has had basic education. She is actively working as a housecleaner.
The husband is 83 years old and used to work as a builder. He is now retired too.

Currently three people live in the same house: the patient, her husband and their daughter. 

## Specific problems reported.
* Forgets where she is. It is reported that she thinks she is in her house in the village while in thruth she is living in her flat in Madrid.
* Will sometimes forget the name of people she sees less often. Still has no problem remembering the names of the nearest family members.
* Disorientation problems.
* It is reported that she sometimes forgets having told you something already.
* Trouble walking and pain in her legs caused by her two herniated disks.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The main caregiver has a smartphone and is able to use it with ease. Has a computer and knows how to use it although she seldom uses it.

The patient has a normal phone which she uses to send and receive calls.

They have thought of getting the telecare system but they still don't have it. The caregiver talks about an elderly woman she saw that had the same system but carried it in the form of a wristband.  
She talks about having a robot at home that could help her mother get out of bed and shower.
A GPS to be able to locate her. 
When the interviewer proposes a system that could talk to the patient she notes the fact that her mother would get scared if a voice came suddenly out of nowhere. It would be better to interface with her through the TV.
Some system that could alert the caregiver of when something happens would be welcome.