# Description
This interview focuses on a patient that died 5 years ago. She was 89 years old when she died and cohexited with Alzheimer's for ten years. The woman had had basic education and had always worked on the family's shop. Appart from dementia she had high blood pressuse, had cancer but recovered, a herniated disc and once she broke a hip and fell.

The main caregiver was her daughter in law. She was 65 at the time of the interview and received basic education. She made great sacrifices for her husband's mother and feels her husband and the sister of him never really thanked her for all her troubles. It was tough for her and still has to deal with the aftermath.

## Specific problems reported.
* Bought a lot of useless stuff.
* Started with problems of short term memory. Used to repeat phrases a lot. 
* Used to be more grumpy even to the point of conflict with her family. She even hit her caregiver.
* At first she was more nervous and even euphoric. Like with anxiety.
* Then she was more apathetic. Nothing seemed to interest her and would tell people whatever they cared about was pointless and stupid.
* Got disoriented in her own house. Outside she didn't recognise the same buildings she had seen all her life. These symptom appeared little by little.
* Had low self steem but probably this was from before the illness.
* Had rigidity in the legs. 
* Progressively forgot how to walk. When she had hip surgery the doctors were unable to rehabilitate her.
* Her posture became completely modified.
* Strong sounds bothered her.
* The last three years she didn't come out of bed and was always with her eyes closed.
* At the end she forgot even how to chew and swallow.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The caregiver reports having smartphone and PC and being fluent on its uses.

She noted it would have helped if someone from the outside had come to make the patient do cognitive excersises, as she was unable to move outside the house.

She is skeptical with the use of technology that requieres the patient to interact, as they quickly lose interest in everything and they come from a generation not really used to technology.

She notes that the problem with the telecare system and it's wearable is that many patients forget to even carry it.

That such system would talk to the patient could make them afraid. It would be easier to have something graphical near the fridge, the TV or somewhere where the patient would look at a lot.

If the system would be able to notify the caregiver that'd be greatly welcome by her.

She notes the problems that elderly people have when taking medications. It's really difficult for them to keep track of all of them.

They talk about the lack of familiarity of that generation with technology in general and how maybe these kind of systems will be easier to accept and get adapted to by newer generations.

In any case she doesn't see the kind of systems discussed through the interviews as intrusive
 