# Description
The family is a middle-class one. Tha patient is a 90 year old female with very primary studies. Widow. The main caregiver is her daughter which is 65 years old at the time of the interview. She has primary studies too and used to work as a homekeeper.

At the time of the interview the patient was already living in a nursing home. The problems arose when she had surgery for her heart and was moved to Madrid in order to live with his daughter. Before the surgery she had lapses of seconds where she was reported as being *like asleep*.

### Specific problems reported.
* Is reported as forgetting *more things that she knows* but is able to recall long-term memories of her childhood.
* Repeats phrases a lot.
* Used to see photos of her grandchildren and was unable to recognise them.
* Is unable to remember dates or how old she is.
* Unable to manage money. She lost track when the spanish coin changed to euros.
* Cooked for herself but did not eat properly and lost weight. This is reported as a change when she became more lazy.
* Was more careless with her self-hygiene to the point of sometimes stinking.
* She is reported as being angrier now towards the things she does not like.
* Had hallucinations to the point she could not sleep because she worried things were hiding in her pillow.
* As she was not able to use dentures all the food had to be minced.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The caregiver reports she has a phone she uses to send and receive calls and for a bit of messaging. She says *appart from that, I do not touch the phone for anything*. Does not use a PC or the internet, neither knows how to send photos or program alarms into it. 

She talks about building a robot that could *get her, carry her and bring her to me* in case something happens.

Some kind of telecare system but with an in-house caregiver instead of alerting and outside party.

A system that could position her at any time and that could warn the caregiver if the patient is lost or something happens.

Something that could keep track of the activities the patient has already performed and could warn the caregivers if there is something missing from her routine.

To give a voice to such system is seen as creepy for her mother. The caregiver is also against installing cameras inside her home.

In general thses kind of technological solutions are seen as out of place for this generation as they have very low technological skills.