# Description
The patient this interview is about died about 7 years ago. At the time the Alzheimer's was detected she was 79 years old. The family is middle-lower class. She had a failing heart which was in the end what caused her death.

The main caregiver was one of her daughters who was 64 at the time the symptoms arose. She used to work as a housecleaner but retired prematurely because of knee problems. She now lends a hand in the spanish non-profit organisation against cancer: *Asociación Española Contra el Cancer* or *AECC*

In the house also lived the husband of the main caregiver which had a stroke at one time and his care also fell upon the woman.

## Specific problems reported.
* Used to get disoriented. She herself once reported that *I dont know where I am at* after mass at her usual place. At home she used to go to check if the beds were done at various times throughout the day.
* Used to leave the house's door opened while not recalling having gone anywhere outside.
* Got annoyed when any of her daughters confront her with the truth of her symptoms.
* Began losing the ability to crochet. *She would make a 2m towel and a 2cm one.*
* She talked to unknown people like they knew her for all her life. She makes up her own memories in situ.
* Got annoyed at the fact that all her family was constantly vigilant of her.
* Used to mix past, present and future. *She lived in a world of his own*
* Had a period where she felt anxious towards the water in the shower.
* Started forgetting her relatives.
* Linguistic problems: Knew what she was going to say but not *how*
* At first she developed rigidity and tremors in her limbs.
* Trusted unknown people less.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The caregiver used to have a mobile phone and was adept at using it but nowadays her family prevented her from using it as she is depressed and every call ends in tears for her.

When her mother lived she was able to use the landline phone. In fact, every time the phone rang it was the dog the one that picked it up and carried it to her.

They had a telecare system but the patient did not use it because she used to say it was foolish. She never got used to it, used to take it off in bed and then she forgot it ever existed.

It is noted that, in the early stages of these illnesses families need preparation and that could be a focus point for any technology.

When discussing GPS devices the caregiver gives a very positive feedback of such technology. She likes the capabilities of having the patient in a known location all the time in case they go out for bread and take too much time, for example. She sees it less useful for patients to know where to go, as they are usually less adept at technology and will be difficult for them to use in case they take interest in it at all.

For the caregivers it would be useful to have a system that could warn them when the patient wakes up at night.

Voice-operated interfaces *does not convince me at all*. They note the fact that if it is an unknown voice they wont pay them any attention at all.
