# Description
This is a noteworthy case as the patient was relatively young (56) when diagnosed. She never completed university-level studies as she stopped attending as soon as she married. In any case, she worked as a teacher and even started her own school. Another illness she had was bronchitis from an early age.
The daughter was 26 at the time and shared caregiving duties with her father. She is actively working as a pharmaceutist while his father used to be a doctor. The family is upper-middle class and used to live together.

The patient was responsible for a dog and it is noted that this fact helped her: *(..) and you could really note how she had more coherent dialogue with it that with the humans. And she cared for it and had certain responsibilities towards the dog.*

## Specific problems reported.
* The main problem at first was disorientation. She thought it was afternoon in the morning and such common mistakes for these kind of patients. Time disorientation but spatial too, even at home.
* She is reported as hallucinating. She would make up stories of meeting a new neighbour and such.
* The family had to repeat things to her constantly as she forgot the tasks she was supposed to do.
* Difficulties when talking. It is reported that *She had words at the tip of the tongue*
* Became more clumsy: *as if she had syncronisation problems*
* Had a lot more mucus.
* Towards the end she *went back to childhood*
* Used to talk to people inside the TV. It is reported that this relaxed her.
* Lost all hygienic habits toward the end.
* She also had night terrors towards the final stages of her illness.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The main caregiver is adept at using technology. Has phone and PC both at work and at home.

For the early stages of these illnesses a *little robot* could be very useful to control the patient. With that help the patient could continue with her daily life while being constantly monitored.

A system that told the patient that she is lost and could direct her towards her home is seen as not very useful as *she would not relate that device could have helped*. On the other hand that system tied to the family or the caregivers would be great.

A device that would be constantly asking the patient about her task status and such is seen as dizzying. It is better for another human to do these duties.

In general the caregiver is against technology acting by itself. She recommends that any such technology is used as a means for humans to be able to better assist the patient but as a collaboration rather than as a substitution. 

She talks about not using wristbands for these technology, instead subcutaneous implants would be better as those have no easy way of being lost or forgotten inside a drawer.

