# Description
The main caregiver is a male, 66 years old, high-level technical studies. He is taking care of his wife which is 66 years old, has medium-level studies and used to work as a doctor's secretary. They live together with their daughter and it is reported they are middle class.

At the time of diagnose the patient was 55 years old and still actively working. Prior to that she had surgery for a melanoma and her lymph nodes were removed. She also had surgery for two lumbar hernias.

## Specific problems reported.
* At first she had forgetfulness issues, she used to lose the keys or the passport.
* Has difficulties remembering words.
* Forgets conversations and events that just happened.
* Dissorientation problems in the street.
* Difficulty keeping track of time.
* Trouble using ATM machines. Used to leave the money hanging in the machine while she left.
* Had to stop cooking as had great difficulties maintaning a shopping list and even set the kitchen on fire once.
* The apathy grew in her *I saw that she was n ever in the mood of doing anything, would't want to go out anywhere, she was totally off*. Once medicated for depression she is reported as being more lively.
* Reported as losing the ability to reason. She is incapable or unwilling to do cognitive excersises like adding up numbers.
* She is losing her self-hygiene habits.
* Incapable of writing with a pen or keyboard.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The main caregiver uses a smartphone and PC and is adept at their use and inner workings.

The patient is reported as having aversion to screens in general produced when, at the start of her illness, she was unable to cope with work changes that involved adapting to a new software they used. She just uses the phone *in case of extreme neccesity*.

The husband tried to use paper mental quizzes specific for Alzheimer's but that did not motivate her, so he bought a tablet and downloaded all kind of games. That did motivate her and used to play for long periods of time but he realised that she just played randomly and was unable to grasp the logic behind its resolution. When time passes and she realises she is unable to resolve the quizz she loses motivation.

He proposed a GPS tracking device so he can know where she is in case of need.

In general he notes that such devices should be able to independently transmit data without the patient's interaction. 
He also says that they should be controlled by the caregiver else they are useless. He specifically mentions that a device that reminds the patient to take the medication would be useless as her wife could take them at that time and afterwards again.