# Description
No info given on age or socioeconomic status. The patient seems in the early stages as she is able to live alone and take care of herself. She reports she more or less keeps the same routine as before. She has dinner at her daughters house but she cooks herself breakfast and dinner. She is able to go to church, to a day-care center and to do her shopping all by herself. She also takes the bus by herself. Most weekends she goes out with her sons and grandchildren.

## Specific problems reported.
* Has trouble remembering the day of the week or month. She uses a calendar where she crosses out the days and writes down appointments.
* Difficulties keeping track of time. Has to look at the clock a lot.
* Can sometimes forget things that has just happened or things that she had to do.
* Goes to the kitchen and on arrival has forgotten what she was going to do there.
* Sometimes she forgets words.
* A couple of times she got lost on the street although she reports it was years ago and hasn't happened since.
* Can have trouble cooking so has a method for keeping track of ingredients which consists on returning each ingredient to the fridge once it's used.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
She has a mobile phone and is able to call people although most of the time she just receives calls. She has telecare system although she never wears the device on herself. She has no trouble watching TV. She has a PC in the house although she only knows how to open one program and seldom uses it anymore. She uses an analog pillbox and keeps a list of the medicines she has to take throughout the day.
