# Description
The main caregiver is 58 years old, medium-level studies and used to work in a hospital. Is now retired. 
The patient was her mother-in-law which was diagnosed when she was 80 and died at 94 because of an ictus. Low-level studies and widow. Worked at home. For two years she was cared at home but the situation deteriorated to the point they had to find her a nursing home.
It is reported they are medium class.

## Specific problems reported.
* The first symptoms were that she repeated phrases and forgot recent topics in the course of a conversation.
* Began being angry at her daughter and others. She fired a cleaner they had, for instance.
* Began buying compulsively *one day you came home and she had bough four clocks*
* After two years of illness she didn't allow the family to bathe her at all. 
* At the final stages she was unable to recognize her sons but she never forgot the main of her caregiver, which she presented as *an old friend of hers*.
* Did not want to take her medicines.
* Time dissorientation.
* Began moving more slowly.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The caregiver uses a mobile phone for basic tasks such as instant messaging or taking pictures but she is not very fond of the internet as a whole and does not trust it for things like buying stuff. Used a PC in her work but nowadays she seldom uses the one at home.

The patient used an old phone-line. She was gifted a mobile phone but never took much interest in it.

She talks about some sort of videoconferencing system that could appear in the patient's TV to talk to the caregiver. That way she could have know if everything was alright.

When discussing systems that could tell patient where they should head to reach their destination or tell the caregiver about the patient's localisation she reacts very positively. She says that *Those isssues seem paramount to me. Not only for people suffering from Alzheimer's but also as a mother of a child with Down's syndrome*

About a system that could keep track of tasks the patient has to do, she comments that it's better that such system notified directly the caregiver. It would be of no use to the patient to be remimded she has to take her medication if she doesn't even know where the pills are located.

The same commentary involving the caregivers is made with devices that detect 
when the patient wakes up at night

Any such device is better to be embedded inside the patient's clothes so they don't have to forget to carry another device.