# Description
The patient is an 86 year old female who was diagnosed as having an incipient senility 4 or 5 years ago, when she started noticing she sometimes forgot words and phone numbers.

She lives alone but her two sisters and niece live closeby. Although she is capable of doing almost every day to day chore she is taken care by her small sister and niece who do almost everything for her.

## Specific problems reported.

* Sometimes when speaking she forgets words. She is aware of that.
* Routinely forgets dates and times for schedules such as doctors.
* Forgets about tasks she has already done like having breakfast.
* She forgets about ever having been in places like the hospital where she usually goes.
* Has difficulties when she has to take decisions. For example at one time her house flooded and she didn't knew what to do about it.
* Has had mood changes. It is reported that before she was more grumpy but now she seems more calmed and relaxed.
* She has lower energy drive. Nowadays she is more lazy while before she was always doing things.

She is mostly aware of her illness and age and has more or less accepted she is close to death. This results in a better character and humour and giving less importance to small things.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The caregiver uses a smartphone and seems adept at it. Is also able to use a computer with some degree of fluency.

The patient is reported as being unable to use technology nearly at all: *Everything machine-like, she gets very nervous (...) and as she thinks she will break it, she end up breaking it*. The family forced her to learn to use a mobile phone but sometimes she presses the wrong button rejecting the call directly and others just loses it around the house. She has broken three of them by submerging them in water too.
As she has hearing problems the family wants her to get some electronic hearing aid but she is also against using it: *It is a device and I am going to break it in no time, that is a lot of money for it to be useless so no. There is nothing interesting to hear after all!*

The caregiver talks about that installing a GPS tracker on the patient would be great.
She is in favour of some system with usage similar to telecare-systems but that would notify the family directly.

Any such system is jokingly requested to be waterproof.