# Description
The patient is an 86 year old female who used to work as a school teacher. She lives with her daughter and son in law both of whom studied medicine and are teachers at university. They got no money problems. Her dementia started after a depression caused when her husband and daughter both died in a two year span. After this she realised that she was unable to live alone and was diagnosed as having a mixed dementia: vascular and degenerative. This happened 7 or 8 years ago. 

Nowadays she is happy, laughs a lot and has a limited ability of performing some simple tasks such as cooking a spanish omelette. She can perform more complex tasks as long as someone is helping her with remembering. 

She has a pacemaker and suffers from hypertension but appart from that she is agile and physically sound. She sleeps perfectly sound. She is capable of managing her own medication more or less independently, medication that is prescribed at home by her daughter who is a doctor.

She is aware of her condition and tries to work around it with some *tricks*. Every morning she crosses out the date in her calendar and carries ther newspaper with her so she can reference the date at any time.

## Specific problems reported.
* Loss of immediate memory. She is unable to remember her last meal. Exits the kitchen and can't remember where she was going. Reads and article in the paper and as soon as she finishes she can't remember it, so she reads it again.
* Gets disoriented in the street. She is incapable of managing herself on the street.
* Gets very confused and sad when left alone as she isn't sure of how many time has passed or even if she has gotten abandoned by her caregivers.
* She can't manage money.
* Curses when she is upset.
* The first two years of the ilness she was aggresive and somewhat depressed but this went away as she accepted her condition.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
She's got a mobile phone that doesn't use. She is able to communicate through the landline and perfectly remembers the phone numbers she already knew. 
She is unable to use the TV remote control but she did use the previous one she had at her home. The interviewee states that it would be perfect if she could give voice commands to the TV. 
The main caregiver proposes some tablet device easy enough for her to use. It could give her information or call emergency services if needed. 
It is noted that she gets disoriented when left alone so the device could be used to remind her of where the caregivers are and when are they coming back so she could feel more safe. 
It would be ideal if such device could have some means of two way communication, with sound and video.
For the caregiver, a way of seeing her and her position on a map at all times would be desirable. 
For the patient, a system that could *get her back to her house* when lost in the street would be really useful, as she has no problem reading simple maps.
He also mentions something that could maintain her physically active.

