# Description
The patient is a 90 year old widow female with primary studies who was diagnosed as having Alzheimer's disease 8 years ago. She was taken to the neurologist because she began to neglect things like cleaning her shoes and started to accumulate food: she could buy 4 or 5 bags full of tomatoes and, naturally, they began to rot. Another early symptom was that she got disoriented in the street, often taking the bus and going to the wrong place.

The patient, when living in her own house, never wanted any type of help as she reported she was sound and that she didn' need to be taken care of.

She lives between the houses of her two daughters. The interviewed daughter is 62 years old and is her main caregiver. She has primary studies too.

Before she was a very active person and liked to read a great deal whereas nowadays she does nothing and has little interest on the outside world. Even when watching TV she just closes her eyes and doesn't try to follow the movie or whatever.

She has sciatica and lumbago problems that limit her mobility a lot because of the pain. Was diagnosed as having stones on her gallbladder years ago but never wanted to get treatment for it.

She is not conscious of her illness and has never accepted it although she is reported as *being happy now. She laughs on occasion and has that girlike look on her face these type of patients often have*. She thinks she could still live alone in her home if she wanted although the caregiver reports she has *zero* autonomy and can't be left alone for more than one or two hours at a time.

## Specific problems reported.
* She has no recent memory. She is reported as *not remembering anything she did a second ago* although she still maintains her very long term memory.
* Because of this she repeats tasks: *Before going to bed she brushes her teeth, goes to the loo, washes her hands and again says she wants to use the toilet*
* She doesn't remember her parents, brothers, husband or the house in which she used to live although she has no problem remembering childhood memories like her neighbour's names or the house were she was raised.
* She doesn't know the time, date or year she lives in. Sometimes she expects her meal at tea time.
* She can't take any decision and has to be told what to do at all times.
* Sometimes she gets angry and annoyed reaching the point of violence. Most of the time when told to do something she doesn't like.
* High mobility problems because of her back pain and head. Can't walk for more than 10 minutes at a time.
* Only has social relation with the most immediate family members. She can't remember friends or other family when they visit nor can she remember the people in the village where she grew up.
* Takes her medicines only when reminded two or three times. 
* Has fallen three times recently, two in the last year alone. 
* She wakes up in the middle of the night not knowing where she is and gets disoriented while trying to go to the bathroom. Although she is wearing an adult's diaper she makes no use of it.

## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
The caregiver uses the mobile phone a lot and a PC on occasion. She reports her use of the phone includes chatting, reading the news, using the dictionary, searching for photographs and using the maps and GPS. In the PC she mainly uses a word processor for her class notes and photoshop for editing photographs.

The patient used the mobile phone when living alone in order to communicate with her daughters but when the illness appeared she sometimes called them unintentionally. She had no problem carrying it with her at all times inside her bag when leaving home. 
She used to have a telecare system that was easy for her to use as she had only to press a button but she didn't carry it with her at all times.
She used to be able to manage TV remotes but isn't able to do it anymore.

Some systems discussed in the interview are the following:
A device that could send help when she gets disoriented with the press of a button.
Some thing that could get her positioned in a map at all times. It wouldn't be useful nowadays as she can't leave the house but it would have been great like 5 years ago.
Something that would track the activities she has done so it could help her remember or warn the caregiver about uncompleted tasks.
Automatic lightning system so she wouldn't have to find the switches in the dark.
A lock that the family can configure so she is unable to open the door when they leave the house.
An automatic alert system for when the patient falls.