# Interview to caregiver E6

### Socioeconomic status, general information
Tha patient has 90 years old. She is female, had only basic education and is now a widow. She was diagnosed 4 years ago of senile dementia when the family noticed her memory problems. The symptoms advance quite slowly as the patient is pretty active, takes her medicines and does therapy.

Three people live at home: the patient and two daughters, one of which is the main caregiver. They have telecare system and a house cleaner.

She is able to do tasks such as crossword puzzles, sewing, watch TV or movies. She walks regularly and does cognitive therapy every day. She is agile for her age.

She has assumed her illness and is more or less happy going to her therapy centre everyday and doing her memory and physical excersises. At home she is quite relaxed.

### Specific problems reported.
* Equilibrium problems. She once fell in the bathroom.
* Needs help walking. Someone who holds her by the arm as she stumbles quite a lot and sometimes falls when left alone.
* Needs help getting dressed.
* Her short-term memory fails.
* Can follow a conversation but forgets words on occasion.
* Forgets the date and time.
* Is not able to use money.
* Has problems with decision-making.
* Sometimes, when contradicted, she gets upset and even borders violence so the caregiver avoids direct confrontation.
* Other times she just gets sad about the fact.
* Slowness of movement.
* Hand tremors.
* Gets tired a lot.
* Eats well but the food needs to be well cooked so it is soft.
* Sometimes gets lost on her thoughts and can be in this state 5 minutes.
* Has problems when swallowing. Talking or breathing while swallowing is a problem.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

Caregiver has an old phone she uses to talk and message. Uses the PC for sending emails and CVs.
Patient uses the phone for talking with her friends. Can use the TV remote control and uses the radio at night.

They have a method for managing the pillbox for all the week with a quadrant.

She would be open to using some system of cameras where she could see her mother at all times but it wouldn't be ideal as she could not help her in case of need.
A system for localizing her home or family members would be great as the patient carries always with her a piuece of paper with the adress where she lives.
A small device for the family to localize the patient would also be greatly useful.
Some kind of alarm for them to remember the time to take her pills is now.
They are thinking about hiring someone to take care of her at night as she goes to the bathroom two or three times. Some type of guiding system for this situation that could even turn on the lights would be useful.

### Typical day.
Patient:
1. 8:0:0 -> Wake up
2. Go to bathroom, wash up, get undressed
3. Put on clothes
4. Go to Breakfast
5. Get medication
6. 9:15:00 -> Go out to daycare centre
7. There he does some exercise, eats and takes a nap
8. Comes back -> Small walk
9. Sit & watch tv / some crossword puzzles
10. Medication
11. Television
12. Supper
13. Medication
14. Goto bed

Weekends:
No daycare centre. She just relaxes.

