# Description
The interviewee is a 78 year old male which is the main caregiver of her 71 year old wife. They are middle-high class and both studied at the university. He is a computer scientist while she studied law and sociology. She worked as a lawyer for several years then for the government and finally she used to translate books from english into spanish.

He has a sister 10 years older than him (88) that lives with them at the house. Her sons come to see them regularly. They also have help in the house from a lady who also does the cooking.

The patient herself recognized the first symptoms of her Alzheimer's as her mother suffered from it too. Once she forgot who a work coleague was and immediately went to the doctor to tell him she had Alzheimer's. Because of this she was treated very early on and 4 years have passed with not much worsening of her situation.

## Specific problems reported.
* Is unable to drive. She gets lost and had to give up driving some years ago.
* Gets disoriented in the street and inside the house too. Sometimes he has to call her husband for help while in the street.
* Doesn't know the day in which she lives. Although she had problems with it all her life now the situation has worsened.
* Is able to use ATMs and money, although she mainly goes to the places she already knows to spend money. The caregiver says she would be unable to use the supermarket though.
* Forgets tasks. She goes for a walk and says *I'll bring the bread* but then she returns home breadless.
* Sporadically she gets "physical" when crossed although not extremely violent.
* Continues reading books although she has trouble following the story from reading session to reading session. Has multiple page-markers per book because of this.
* Low sphincter control. 
* Some hand tremors.


## Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.
They both use PC's and smartphones with little problem. They both use internet, have no problem calling people and use whatsapp too. The husband even uses Twitter.

The main technological problem the patient has is when using the TV remote controls, as they need to use two different ones to watch TV and she gets confused between them.

Among the discussed technological solutions was a GPS tracker for the patient, which he sees as useful and she doesn't object to it for security reasons or other.
The husband proposes a system that tracks what the patient is doing and is able to help her remember tasks she has forgot to do. It would be great if you could ask such system for the location of stuff inside the house.
Lights that detect presence are helpful to them although the caregivers sister doesn't like them at all and has made them remove the ones already in place.
Camera-monitoring was discussed too.
