# Interview to caregiver E8

### Socioeconomic status, general information
The patient is a 78 year old female. She worked as a nurse before retiring some years ago. She was diagnosed 8 years ago when the family started noticing strange conducts: she would get aggressive, she would accumulate things and had problems with sphincter control. She has had a very slow symptom evolution although nowadays she is able to sing along with her daughter and not much else.

She has been in a retirement home for the last 7 years although the interivew mainly focuses in her life when she was living alone.

The main caregiver is her 39 year old daughter. She has a doctorate in Social Communication although she currently works as a graphics designer.

### Specific problems reported.
* One of the earliest symptoms was that she lost the sense of smell almost completely.
* She used to be able to function just in the mornings.
* Difficulties refraining impulses. She used to insult random people on the street.
* Forgot even the most basic recipes she used to be able to cook. She used to forget to add main ingredients and such
* She left the lights on even when not needed. She left the gas on. She even left lit-up cigarretes unnatended in other rooms.
* Began developing a conduct in which she used to accumulate rubbish at home. The family caught her searching in thrash cans.
* Was fast to anger when pointed she was doing unusual things. The daughter thinks she was conscious of her situation and got angry because of this, but her anger was aimed towards the near family.
* She forgot the *function of the objects*. When having trouble saying 'glass' for example, the daughter points out that it was not that she forgot the word itself, the problem was that she did not know what the glass was for.
* Moved compulsively. Swinging movements.
* Dissorientation when moved from house to house. She woke up at 4am and went to the street like it was daytime already.
* Lost all empathy and ability to feel pain for others. Stopped calling her friends as she didn't want them to see her in that state. 
* At first she denied all kind of help even though she was performing the tasks wrongly.
* Compulsively bought all kinds of things advertised in TV. Credits, encyclopedias... Even signed an internet contract although she didn't ever use it.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

The caregiver is able to use current technologies with ease although she has no TV by choice. 

She gives a pretty original idea that has to do with music. She states that even though her mother has pretty much forgotten everything, she still remembers her childhood songs and is able to sing along to them. It has calming properties for her. 
She says that many times, instead of using drugs like haloperidol to calm people down, music therapy could be used and would be ideal. 

She also discusses projects already in place for people with autism. She talks about some houses where a group of them is able to live autonomously. There, they use pictograms for pretty much anything: where things are, what is this, what is it used for... 
She goes on talking about how these could help dementia patients. Pictograms could be projected into objects to inform the patient about what that object is and what is it used for. The system could even guess what task the patient is performing and could help with the next steps she would have to take to perform it correctly.

She goes on talking about the user interfaces of such devices. Dementia patients forget processes so it would be useless to make them interact with them, as they would promptly forget to use them. It's no use a system that needs the patient to realize he is lost and press a button if they are not even aware that they are lost.
Ideally, such systems should be intelligent enough so as not to need to tell them what do they have to do at each moment in time; they should require zero interaction from the patient.

To help the caregiver others systems would serve, as the ones discussed in other interviews. An alarm that warns the caregiver that, for example, theres a lit-up cigarrette unattended. 

All in all it's a complicated issue as the caregiver states: *Precisely in the state these things can be used their personality is very fickle. You need help but don't want it as that makes you feel useless, and you don't want to feel useless*


