# Interview to caregiver E9

### Socioeconomic status, general information
The patient is a 79 year old female with basic education. She has Lewy bodies 
and had a pretty fast symptom evolution in the 3 years since she was diagnosed. She is conscious of her deterioration but maintains the affective character she always had.

She was cared by her 59 year old daughter which has a degree in Pharmacy. In the house used to live her father which is 84.

At the moment of the interview the patient is living in a nursing home as she had a fall a month earlier. 

### Specific problems reported.
* Not knowing the time and date.
* Mistakes his husband with someone else.
* She is starting to have tremors. 
* Has problems maintaining correct body posture. 
* Erratic walking.
* Forgets routine tasks.
* Needs help when dressing up.

### Technological solutions that were discussed and their impressions about them.

A detector of when the patient wakes up at night that can call the caregivers.
Some type of alarm for when the patient tries to leave the house.
A communication system that is as easy as pressing a button.
Devices that can tell the patient and caregiver where he is and how to go to his desired destination. 
He suggests to disconnect the doorbell when the patient is alone so that she can't be fooled by strangers wanting to come in.
A system that can keep track of activities done/not done so it can report to the caregiver once he arrives at home.
Atomatic lights that detect movement when the patient wants to go to the bathroom at night. 

A noteworthy thing the caregiver suggests is that if the system has a voice it should be of someone he can recognize and who can trust.
She also talks about the problem which can arise with a device that is constantly telling the patient what to do as these can react negatively to it and can decide to stop caring about it's instructions.
She gives the example of a device that it's constantly repeating "take your medicines". The patient could opt to disconnect such device instead of giving heed to it's suggestions.